
The Pentelebets and the Pentelebet 'Pagent' are a hardware descriptive dialect originally built in C++/C# which encode FPGA accessible hardware and their integrated circuits. Based upon the Superwikia Alpha Codebase, the language produces labroom ready prototype liners as well as SoC refactoring for Semicom codesmiths.

Also known inline as "conduits"; the devices are part of the Superwikia Solosphere Conduct System, which hosts LESCR class appliances and services.

These console based ASCII/QWERTY generated programming devices are semicom powered; producing HDL quality encoding FPGA applications.

Introduction to Pentelebets-
The Pentelebets system of programming is used by engineers and scientists to compute large processes and enterprise grade networking of data. Although based upon the QWERTY characters on any keyboard, their usage does not build words and paragraphs, but form a series of number crunching parse processes.

In embedded Pentelebets; (languages that have already been encoded in a package or machine) there are seven types of characters, 

Stationary
Transcom
Ancilliary
Packaging
Layering
Environmental
Super-Cluster

The first type "stationary" is locked into its host machine and programmed according to ports and slots of its carrier package.

The second type ; "transcom" is parsed against the first in a series of inspections to check for matching COI designator tags.

The third type; "Ancilliary" is used by codesmiths to maintain security routines or encrypted  data.

The fourth type; "packaging" is used to package SoC, FPGA, VHDL and other refactored or repurposed documents.

The fifth type; "layering" is used when debugging or building more developed code output.

The sixth type; "environmental" is used in buffering designators and or DFN data that is passed by the designated within the Transcom.

The seventh type; "super-cluster" is used to archive or compress voluminous data

Standards and Features-
The "Pagent" is the smallest element in the Pentelebet's Transcom circuit. It is a simple semicom device similar to a microcontroller that maintains the exhibit and display data of its main embedded system.

Embodiement (Electroplate)-
The Pagent is built differently based upon the alphabetical family it supports. They all have the same component modules which maintain ancilliary data model (ADM) sets and codes of instruction (COI) encoded in the character devices which operate within the Transcom.
The modules can be seen here:
Stylus modules
Tincture modules
Armature modules
Platform modules


Language and Methods (Beamology)-
The primary functions used to operate pagent devices are:

Beam Base: The hardware address of the codesmith.
Beam Start: The address from which a new command or circuit is initiated.
Beam Point: The current address of any access group.
Beam Stop: The final address for any particular execution.

All functions are inter-dependent of Beamology. These functions are hard coded into the hardware and tag each circuit and their components with certificates based upon Semicom specification. They allow refactoring of structured beamplans and maximize Semicom and pagent device package compatibility.

- SuperWikia PAGAN System

The Pagent and all Pentelebet devices operate within a vertical environment which requires navigational systems to maintain high level traffic at high level volumes; the PAGAN system was introduced to help regulate on and off accessibility of the vertical environment by designating ports of entry and exit. PAGAN; (an acronym for Port Address Gateway Access Number) assigns each point of entry for vertical environment and Transcom usage an address code which links to other routes and beampoints.

Programming with Pentelebets-
Algebraic Progression-
Traversation and Transom Functions-
Solosphere Shipping Lane DFN
Supervisory Class
Tractor Class
Annex Class
Positioning Class
Loading Class
Exiting Class
Shipping Lane Class
Semicom Specific Packages-

Semicom Processor (Alpha 1) SATELAIDOR
Semicom Processor (Alpha 2) TESTEDOR
Semicom Processor (Alpha 3) AERODOR
Semicom Processor (Alpha 4) COMIDOR
Semicom Processor (Alpha 5) YVESADOR
Semicom Processor (Alpha 6) STAPSADOR
Semicom Processor (Alpha 7) TECHIDOR
Semicom Processor (Alpha 8) ARMIDOR
Semicom Processor (Alpha 9) POSTADOR
Semicom Processor (Alpha 10) LABORAIDOR
Semicom Processor (Alpha 11) ENERIDOR
Semicom Processor (Alpha 12) SUPERIDOR
Semicom Processor (Alpha 13) BASEADUCT
Semicom Processor (Alpha 14) REFEDUCT	
Semicom Processor (Alpha 15) AERODUCT	
Semicom Processor (Alpha 16) NONADUCT	
Semicom Processor (Alpha 17) DISTRIDUCT	
Semicom Processor (Alpha 18) OFFIDUCT	
Semicom Processor (Alpha 19) NURSEADUCT
Semicom Processor (Alpha 20) STAPADUCT	
Semicom Processor (Alpha 21) TESTEDUCT	
Semicom Processor (Alpha 22) ARMADUCT
Semicom Processor (Alpha 23) POSTADUCT
Semicom Processor (Alpha 24) LABORADUCT
 Semicom Processor (Alpha 25) ENERDUCT
Semicom Processor (Alpha 26) SUPERDUCT		
